The person that gave me the best advice about my career was a department
head I had during my first year tour. We were having a discussion
in the wardroom before a flight, and we started talking about what
might what it might want to do after this. And this was very early on
in my jail, too, and I didn't really think anything of it basically
told him like, You know, if things work out and I get to my next job,
then I get to do a production tour or a good job, then that's great.
If I don't, then that's fine, too. So we went ahead and had the
flight. And then the next day I sat down with him. We just happened
to sit down, he said. He told me, Uh, Dave, What you should dio is
always regard. So what? You want to dio always say that you're interested
in the career path? Don't give any indication that you're not
on. I think that kind of served me well cause you should still keep
your cards close because people have to make decisions about where you're
gonna go. And if you show a disinterest, then they will take that
to heart when comparing it to someone else who might show a very
vigorous interest into remaining on the career path. So you need to
think about bio means. Consider the alternatives. But don't take away
the option to remain on the career path because once you're off it,
it's very, very difficult to get back on.